# 5/7

## Attending

- Brian
- Nicolò
- Henry

## Discussion

### Review Pipeline Operator parser PR [#9450](https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/9450)

- There's a separate transform PR at https://github.com/mAAdhaTTah/babel/pull/1

### Adding `@babel/plugin-proposal-dynamic-import` [#9552](https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/9552)

- Seems good, transforms modules based on other plugins (commonjs, amd, systemjs). Doesn't seem like a priority to have to add it though.
- Maybe Ask Jordan about how it relates/replaces the [airbnb](https://github.com/airbnb/babel-plugin-dynamic-import-node) plugin?
- Can add to preset-env and disable if `modules: false` for webpack.

### Feedback to TC39

- What is the actual feedback the commitee should get from using Babel? Is it just tweets or people submitting issues on GitHub?
- Quantitative vs. Qualitative feedback: what is the meaningful data that matters to move proposals forward.
- Should it be more formal? Should we try kicking off meetings every month/two months for proposals, facilitated from the champion and gather data?
  - Maybe a sort of user-testing type idea, showcasing new proposals to developers and getting thoughts?
- Not our responsibility per se but we can try out ideas for people to latch onto?

### On Contributing/Maintaining

- There's still that intidimation factor. It's not worth simply creating/finding beginner issues, doesn't scale - we should experiment with creating the cirruculum from past issues.
- Maybe record our meetings in podcast form (heavily edited)? Could try livestream again for going through open issues, doing the "questions from audience" type deal.
- Good to continue to post findings via learning about the spec/bugs online for people to learn from.
