# 1/14 Meeting

> First meeting of 2019!

## Attending

- Nicolò
- Sven
- Henry
- Kai (babel-eslint, ESLint)
- Logan
- Denis ([core-js](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js))
- Fransisco ([RunKit](https://runkit.com/home))

## Do we want Babel to be compatible with ESTree ASTs

> [babel/babel#9253](https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/9253), [babel/babel#9258](https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/9258)

- We have a plugin `@babel/parser` for ESTree already but it was created for `babel-eslint` specifically
- Would be a pain for plugin authors (maybe more confusion) and a breaking change for Babel 8 (it seems better to switch everything over but is that worth it, both internally and for the community?) In an ideal world yes.
- Brings up the general question of how to handle breaking changes in experimental features (decorators)
- There is a tool to convert ESTree AST to Babel AST: https://github.com/coderaiser/estree-to-babel

**Conclusion**: Let's reject it for now.

## babel-eslint: How do we handle missing Babel config files in v11? (Kai)

> [babel/babel-eslint#738](https://github.com/babel/babel-eslint/pull/738)

- Should we throw when no config is found?
    - Some user intentionally specify a config
- Should we fallback to a config, like `@babel/parser`?
    - Note that the default config has no plugins
- Babel does silently skip when no config file is found and falls back to the empty config
- What should the UX be?
    - Get an error because of unsupported syntax?
    - Get an error because no config was found?
- We can start with a restricted check and release it in a minor version later
- Most users of Babel probably have a config file at the root of their project, might be an edge case.

**Conclusion**: Each time `babel-eslint` parses a file and no corresponding config file is found, an error will be thrown with an optional opt-out. (this should be an edge case)

## `core-js@3`. It is really hard not to make breaking changes (Denis)

> [babel/babel#7646](https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/7646)

- We can't use `core-js@3` by default in Babel, because we are using ??? hoisted version.
- We tried to mitigate that in Babel 7 because we told users to install core-js@3 directly
- Probably the only option is to have flags to opt-in into core-js@3.
- The problem is only in babel-preset-env since Babel itself doesn't depend on core-js (it's relying on it being hoisted from `@babel/polyfill`).
- If we maintain regenerator, we could turn it into a normal helper.
- We could have another entrypoint in `@babel/polyfill`.

**Conclusion**: Release a specific version of `@babel/polyfill` with `core-js@3`, but that would still be a breaking change and we should have a way to opt-in. So deprecate the `@babel/polyfill` in favor of core-js@3? Do whatever we need to allow users to use `core-js@3` without breaking in Babel 7 until a Babel 8 (which won't take as long as v7 did)

## Babel 7.3.0 (Nicolò)

Two major proposal/syntax features to merge/review.

> https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/9101
> https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/9179

Review these PRs offline, and let's write a blog post before the release.

**Conclusion**: Pinned issue for next release: https://github.com/babel/babel/issues/9334

## Syntax support for placeholders (Fransisco)

> [babel/babel#9112](https://github.com/babel/babel/issues/9112)

- We should update `@babel/template` and call sites in Babel
- Could make `@babel/template` more powerful or even more used vs. manual
- Francisco: more about the features not any particular implementation suggestion.
  - Use case: allow babel templates to have arbitrary user input (not internal, static usage) and worry less about name clashes
  - Environment variables, but with syntactic support. User can store their secrets and would be replaced by `@babel/template`. 
- Placeholder should survive through transforms (at the end)
- Workaround: also possible to just use the parser (done), replace the nodes with a regular identifier and add a special attribute on the node. At the end, a plugin to handle placeholder nodes (with that attribute).

**Conclusions**: Finish up parsing support for placeholders, save the more complex ideas after trying it out and seeing what happens.

## What's our next "core" feature? (Henry)

Maybe integrating Test262 for transforms:
- Knowing current status of coverage is useful
- It's also a way for new contributors: a singular task (a bug fix)
- Using it for preset-env
- Verifying tests are correct ourselves
- Documentation on what isn't* supported (maybe on the website) - being able to be more specific about "loose" mode
