# 1/28 Meeting

## Attending

- Henry
- Kai (ESLint)
- Denis (core-js)
- Brian
- Daniel

## `core-js` (Denis)

> There's a great description already in the PR https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/7646

Had to make 2 plugins for both core-js 2 and 3 for each option (useBuiltIns, "entry" and "usage"), split with regenerator plugins and getting too complex.

Require passing `core-js` version when using polyfillling behavior - is it possible to do this automatically?

- Deprecate @babel/polyfill? (agreed)
- Add corejs: <version> option to preset-env (allow minor version since can add features)
- Allow minor corejs version in runtime since can add features (not in the scope of #7646)
- Option for polyfilling proposals in runtime/preset-env. Add to runtime a separate folder for core-js entry points with proposals?  (should be ok since opt-in)

Probably need to rethink how Babel handles polyfilling in general.

- We want to help people ship only what is necessary for the browsers they support
- it's common to include the whole polyfill and we should do what we can to prevent that
- we may need to make it opt-in to not break anyone unless we version independently or do another major version
- should not tie babel to a specific version of `core-js` (why we included the option for `transform-runtime`), and maybe not be specifically tied to `core-js` in general

## babel-eslint (Kai)

https://github.com/babel/notes/issues/81#issuecomment-456595903

Main purpose: allow linting of proposal syntax

Main Source of issues/work: 
- Not needing to manually add plugins (this should be fixed after ability to read config in v11)
- Contributors would need to understand the intersection of ESLint, Babel, proposals, ASTs, ESTree, etc.
- `eslint-plugin-babel` rules: new syntax may cause problems with existing rules and we may need to fork/modify them to be compatible. This is difficult to maintain and requires a lot of community help
- Dependency issues: what version of ESLint/Babel is compatible, how does it relate to hoisting/peerDeps, etc.
- Regressions with ESLint itself: are we monkeypatching or relying on undefined behavior somewhere? How can we minimize that by doing less in babel-eslint and maybe asking for official APIs in ESLint or some other workaround.

Contribution opportunity? eslint-plugin-babel fixes are small ways to contribute to ESLint in general

## Proposal Versioning (Henry)

We'd like to version proposals independently in some way (whether it's a new name or major version).

We've talked about this a lot before with the parser. Decorators has had legacy/decorators2, etc. Is it worth just doing a major version or something different like the commit SHA of the proposal repo?

## Babel Podcast (Henry)

- Help people understand the people behind the project (not just me), behind the scenes
- Understand the kind of issues we face (high level: versioning, integration)
- History and context into decisions or events: start of initiatives, guy fieri, etc.
- Getting contributors: understand we don't know what we are doing either
- Interviewing TC39 and helping people understand the process/people/background.
