# 4/2

## [Attendees](https://babeljs.io/team):

- Nicolò ([@nicolo-ribaudo](https://github.com/nicolo-ribaudo))
- Jùnliàng ([@JLHwung](https://github.com/JLHwung))
- Kai ([@kaicataldo](https://github.com/kaicataldo))
- Henry ([@hzoo](https://github.com/hzoo))

---

> Notes may have some mistakes, conversational!

- Nicolò: We should contact specific teams about new versioning ideas (relating to semver) for feedback (Next.js, Gatsby, CRA, anyone who uses us as a dependency directly) since they deal with these problems themselves (and because we break them due to how things currently work)
    - One idea is to require the same minor versions of packages because of unintended breaking changes due to dependencies. (require all Babel dependencies to be updated, so if `@babel/core` is 7.9, every preset/plugin needs to be as well).
    - For context: if we introduce a new feature in core or a new helper, we can't use that feature in a plugin/preset/dep because someone's core might not be the updated.
- Henry: Having less packages helps too. On a related note.. in Babel 8 maybe we should just move `targets` to be a top level option in the config vs. in `preset-env`. And further, might as well move `preset-env` into `babel/core` like we've been wanting to?
	- Also easier to convince people to move off of old integrations with `preset-env`
    - Nicolò: Don't need to specify the `targets` option multiple times (like for the new polyfill feature)
    - The new default option `targets: false` could explicitly not transpile for those that need that: codemods, other languages like php, fable. This would be the the opposite of current behavior where the default is essentially `preset-latest` which compiles everything.
- Make it easier to use `loose` mode options: more granular?
    - Maybe do this by introducing it via an assumption of capabilities. Can document this on a website and associate them with test cases (our own loose mode tests or `test262`).
    - We have an example of this already in use: `assumeArray` option for `for-of` plugin.
    - If the only `spec` option is for arrow functions, maybe we can remove the option entirely?
    - We can stay reasonable spec compliant by default, and allow opt-in for specifically non-spec.
- Update: polyfilling integration is almost done
- Reconsider single babel package idea yet again?
