# 04/09

> https://github.com/babel/notes/issues/90

## Attending

- Nicolò
- Henry
- Daniel
- Denis

## Google Season of Docs
- Deadline is on the 04/23
- If we want to apply, we first need to decide what we want docs for.
- We might not needed it: it's nice that people writing docs are paid but it could be easier to just ask for help (e.g. on Twitter)
  - Docs on usage
  - Docs on making a plugin (although our API is large don't need to doc)

## `export` changes in scope PR break meteor ([issue](https://github.com/babel/babel/issues/9720#issuecomment-481030523))
- We have always added early errors in minor/patch versions: being more compliant to the spec is an improvement, not a regression.
- Throwing on undeclared exports disallows some valid usecases, like templates:
  ```javascript
  const createExport = template.statement({ sourceType: "module" })`
    export { LOCAL as NAME }
  `;
  ```
- We could jist remove the check and publish a new patch release?
  - If we decide that it is a regression, we could make it opt-in: `validateExports`
- We already have some options to disable some context-depending errors: `allowAwaitOutsideFunction`, `allowReturnOutsideFunction`, `allowSuperOutsideMethod`. We could add an `allowUndeclaredExports` option.
- A more general approach: we can add a "loose mode" to `@babel/parser` which shallows every early error.
  - Some early error also make sense in template contexts, like `foo() = 2` or `{ __proto__: a, __proto__: b }`.
  - It would be also useful for tools. `babel-eslint` could warn about every error instead of exiting on the first one, and `prettier` could format syntactically valid files with early errors.
  - We could both do this and the `allowUndeclaredExports`, they are not mutually exclusive.
- TODO: Ask @benjamn how Meteor is using `export`s

## `@babel/parser` refactoring from class to functions
- Better performance, but only ~10%
  - I (Nicolò) don't know if 10% is "pretty good" or "normal improvement"
- The output code, whem minified, is a lot smaller because function names can be managled, while method names can't.
- Still plugin-based for now.
- It needs a small wrapper around rollup/Babel, so it now has a custom build step
  - I (Nicolò) don't know if the performance improvement is worth it?
- Nicolò will open a PR in the next few days so that we can discuss about it.
- It will have conflict with every other PR modifying the parser.

## Fix babel helpers to not require Symbol to exist ([PR](https://github.com/babel/babel/pull/8947))
- Current situation:
  - The `_iterableToArray` expects `Map` and `Set` to be iterable, so `Symbol.iterator in obj` should just work.
  - `Map` and `Set` provided by `es6-shim` are not iterable and can't be determined by `Object.prototype.toString`
- We can't check `obj instanceof Map` and `obj instanceof Set` because `@babel/runtime` and `@babel/preset-env` will load the polyfills for them, which is very big.
- We can't prevent `@babel/runtime` and `@babel/preset-env` from loading polyfills for `instanceof Map` and `typeof Map`, since it will break some valid usecases:
  ```javascript
  if (typeof Symbol !== "function") {
    throw new TypeError("Required an engine with Symbol support");
  }
  ```
- We could add a directive to disable polyfills for a specific expression:
  ```javascript
  if (
    typeof /* no-polyfill */ Map === "function" &&
    obj instanceof /* no-polyfill */ Map
  ) {
    // is iterable
  }
  ```

## `@babel/polyfill`
- We decided to deprecate it for v7.4.0, but gave the community some time to migrate to direct imports of `core-js`.
- `core-js@2` will only receive critical bug fixes (e.g. security, regressions?), not any else.
- It's time to `npm deprecate` it. Next patch? Or next minor?
